feat: docs for new release (#61)
matter-labs/zksync-web-v2-docs: docs/dev/zksync-v2/l1-l2-interop.md

- The operator fee for the transaction as part of the transaction `value` (the amount of ETH passed with the L1 transaction).

## Priority mode

If the operator fails to process the needed L1 transactions, the system enters the Priority mode. In this mode, everyone can become an operator by staking tokens. The exact details of the priority mode are still under development and will be described in more detail closer to the mainnet launch.

## L2 -> L1 communication

L2 -> L1 communication, in contrast to L1 -> L2 communication, is based only on transferring of the information, and not on the transaction execution on L1. It is a built-in feature, which is made up of two parts: sending a message from L2 and reading it on L1. The first is implemented as a call to an L2 system smart contract. And the second is implemented on the zkSync L1 smart contract as a getter function.

### Sending messages

> Each message sent from L2 to L1 contains the sender's address and the message itself. The length of the sent message can be arbitrarily large, but the longer the message, the more expensive it is to send. The operator will "show" each message in Ethereum, so that information about all messages is always publicly available. As a result, messages sent to L1 can be read by anyone, hence there is no need to rely on the operator to "execute" them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each message sent from L2 to L1 contains the sender's address and the message itself. The length of the message can be arbitrarily large, but the longer the message, the more expensive it is to send it. The operator must include all messages for the corresponding merkle root (see next paragraph). Hence, all of the messages are publicly available, and one does not have to rely on the operator to reveal them.
```

@vladbochok please review

### Reading messages

> Every sent message can be read on-chain. Moreover, it is possible to prove that message has been sent in a specific L2 block. To make such proof as cheap as possible for both the user and the validator, we store all messages for each L2 block in the Merkle Tree. Accordingly, any L1 smart contract can consume the sent message by providing proof of inclusion to some of the L2 block. A proof can be generated based only on the data that the operator sent to the `zkSync` L1 smart contract. The proof can also be obtained via [the API](../../api/api.md#zksgetl2tol1msgproof).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every sent message can be read on-chain. Moreover, it is possible to prove that message has been sent in a specific L2 block. To make such proof as cheap as possible for both the user and the validator, we store all messages for each L2 block in the merkle tree. Accordingly, any L1 smart contract can consume the sent message by providing proof of inclusion to some of the L2 block. A proof can be generated based only on the data that the operator sent to the `zkSync` L1 smart contract. The proof can also be obtained via [the API](../../api/api.md#zksgetl2tol1msgproof).
```

we should make sure we are consistent in how we write "merkle"
